fix: make Flow infer prop types for inline styled functions (#2199)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/rare-beans-think.md

> ---
> '@emotion/styled': minor
> ---
> 
> Make styled inline-functions infer prop types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@emotion/styled': patch
---

Improved Flow type inference of props for inline functions passed to the `styled` factory.
```
